	 Created By : Ops Central Access (Thu Mar 27 20:45:37 GMT 2014) 
Message :Created By: Sebastien Lacroix, 
Hi Aouali, 

I was hoping (not so much actually) this "DO_NOT_USE" could be a secret special Logical Host that would enable a cleaner type of update limited
 to what is explicitly defined in the Model without some default values or acceptors that make sense only when a broker is created from scratch. 
 Now I realize there is a misunderstanding. 
Background: 
On the fields we have to manage deployments with multiple layers with different sets of models: 
0) Layer0: a first set of models for the transport layer to create or update Brokers for general setting like: 
-security 
-acceptors 
-DRA 
-tuning 
-BUT NOT Queues, for reason I will explain further. 

1) Layer1: On top of Layer0 we deploy other models that define ESB Service Types
 and common ESB connections. 

[I skip a few specific BA layers in the middle] 

3) Layer3: on top of layer1, we can at last deploy other models that define: 
-ESB Services instances 
-ESB Processes 
-ESB Containers 
-ESB EndPoints => and here comes the problem: these achieve the binding between
 ESB and MQ and can therefore require the creation of static Queues in clusters 
 or broker (when exclusive). 


Problem: it is not possible to manage these queues in a Layer0 Model because 
its life cycle cannot be bound to the life cycle of a service. 
Therefore we have to be able to define these queues in Layer3 Models. 

At BA, Layer0 consists in about 30 Models, and Layer3 is a matter of hundreds 
with hundreds of developers that can hit the same Cluster of brokers.
 At other customers, small teams can manage to synch these two layers manually
 , but it is absolutely not possible to impose this kind of process to a large 
 enterprise like BA. 


In the 7.6 past, BA could somehow work around this kind of problem with a dummy 
logical host in their model, and call a sophisticated plug-in from a CustomAnt 
that could parse the Model.xml and the Tuning.xml and create queues in the DS
 with management APIs. In other words, extend SDM to do what it was not capable 
 of doing. 
Now, this plug-in causes many problems and BA legitimately wants to get rid off it
 (plus we cannot afford to maintain or upgrade it anymore), especially because 
 people do believe the current SDM behavior is a defect that should be addressed.
  Also, the number of services and brokers has grown significantly, so people can 
  no longer accommodate with such a work around. 

At last, we are so busy at BA that this problem did not catch our attention earlier, 
but the impact is already important for the numerous development teams at stake.
 In short, it is a MUSE show stopper. Therefore we have decided to escalate this 
 problem to obtain a fix as soon as possible. 
Mitchell Horowitz will drive the communication with Product Management. 

Thanks 
/SL

APPARENTLY THOMAS MENTIONED A DO_NO_USE LOGICAL HOST APPROACH TO QUEUE
UPDATES!