TOP TEN!

1. Silvio - according to Greg he was the best. Got stuck in the field. Modest. Un-assumimg.
   Only person who understood what WS-A was good for! Huge visions for cloud, end-point bus 
   connection was his idea. He would be aligned with separation of concerns, typed services,
   and itinerary focus. Did have some weird idea that AI should not be the mediator of SOAP WSDL first
   into ESB requirements(Scottish Widows) - AI was in there but ESB was suppose to dance to the WSDL
    - never got that one - I must be missing something.

2. Thomas Steinborn - what can you say? Genius - he authored SDM, SDP and so much more, he rewrote 
ESB's JMS connectivity, etc, etc. As PM, he had the luxury of being his own boss in that
he coded his visions. Not right all the time though - his cache solution seems non transparent
to me, his metering ideas for cloud multi-tenancy should have included Actional, for example.

3. Mahesh Nair - brilliant engineer, great guy. Did huge part in typed integration service campaign
by "injection/we'll call you" vs "you call us" for interface parameters - this put script engine
away for good! Re-wrote process engine, including passivate/activate, fault-handlers,
EL in mapping, and dynamic itinerary. Now may be time to harvest ALL of these features.
Sometimes, got over-exited, but really great guy!

4. Greg Lucas - awesome manager! highly supportive less controlling that Ron. Fun guy.
    Hands on - loved code. Would fully understand(and probably does already) the impact of
    separation of concerns and typed integration services and repository.
     
5. Andrew Bramley - great guy,fantastic manager and engineer, I didn't get to talk PM a lot with him
 
6. Dion Picco - great guy, picked up fast, coined RBI, liked my testing thoughts, seemed 
well liked by customers
     
7. Andi Abes - perhaps brilliant we'll never know - pain in ass, tendency to get into rat-holes

   - ideas: "TIDE and QA's inability to diagnose any test failures is a product-level problem
     in the area of problem reporting, visibility, and poor diagnostics". 
     Agreed, but I would add that our test approach is also broken.
     I think "Aurea Monitoring Service" would do well to listen to above perspective from
     Andi.

8. Bill Wood - awesome covered the gambit - could do it and vision it. He was at heart
   and engineer's man.

9. Gordon Van Huisen - little bit too early days for me, so I have no knowledge of his vision

10. Jaimie Merrit - very smart, awesome fun, party guy. Could have socialized(non-drinking!) ideas
   with engineering more(a little clique)
 
11. Ron Rudis - great manager, great person, well-loved and respected, but played SILOs game
   too much to control product delivery, allowed in-effective QA to go on unchecked.
   
12. Giovanni Boschi - great guy, disorganized as engineer

13. Bill Cullen - hard to say, seemed to have a personality that often clashed.

14. David Grigglestone - brilliant architect and engineer. Not necessarily a visionary.

15. Vasco K. - pompous, long-winded git
 
16. Kim Palko - her assignment as PM was a Progress upper management mistake - languished
   for 3 years, nice person in wrong place




   